br: add new argument for snapshot restore (#15977)
pingcap/docs: br/br-snapshot-guide.md

--storage "s3://backup-101/snapshot-202209081330?access-key=${access-key}&secret-access-key=${secret-access-key}"
```

> To address the potential bottleneck issue during the restore when there are too many regions, starting from v7.6.0, BR supports a coarse-grained region shuffling approach. You can enable this method by specifying `--granularity=coarse-grained`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To address the potential bottleneck issue during restoration in large-scale Region scenarios, starting from v7.6.0, BR supports a coarse-grained Region scatter algorithm (experimental). You can enable this method by specifying `--granularity=coarse-grained`.
```

> To address the potential bottleneck issue during restoration in large-scale Region scenarios, starting from v7.6.0, BR supports a coarse-grained Region scatter algorithm (experimental). You can enable this method by specifying `--granularity=coarse-grained`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To address the potential bottleneck issue during restoration in large-scale Region scenarios, starting from v7.6.0, BR supports a coarse-grained Region scatter algorithm (experimental). You can enable this algorithm by specifying `--granularity=coarse-grained`.
```

- During data restore, TiDB tries to fully utilize the TiKV CPU, disk IO, and network bandwidth resources. Therefore, it is recommended to restore the backup data on an empty cluster to avoid affecting the running applications.
- The speed of restoring backup data is much related with the cluster configuration, deployment, and running applications. In internal tests, the restore speed of a single TiKV node can reach 100 MiB/s. The performance and impact of snapshot restore are varied in different user scenarios and should be tested in actual environments.

> - Starting from v7.6.0, BR introduces an experimental feature that supports using a coarse-grained Region scatter algorithm by specifying the command-line parameter `--granularity=coarse-grained`. You can also control the concurrency of download tasks for each TiKV node by setting the `--tikv-max-restore-concurrency` parameter. This helps you  fully utilize the resources of each TiKV node, thereby achieving a rapid parallel recovery. In several real-world cases, the snapshot restore speed of the cluster is improved by about 10 times in large-scale Region scenarios. The following is an example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Starting from v7.6.0, BR introduces an experimental feature that allows you to enable a coarse-grained Region scatter algorithm by specifying the command-line parameter `--granularity=coarse-grained`. You can also control the concurrency of download tasks for each TiKV node by setting the `--tikv-max-restore-concurrency` parameter. This helps you fully utilize the resources of each TiKV node, thereby achieving a rapid parallel recovery. In several real-world cases, the snapshot restore speed of the cluster is improved by about 10 times in large-scale Region scenarios. The following is an example:
```

- During data restore, TiDB tries to fully utilize the TiKV CPU, disk IO, and network bandwidth resources. Therefore, it is recommended to restore the backup data on an empty cluster to avoid affecting the running applications.
- The speed of restoring backup data is much related with the cluster configuration, deployment, and running applications. In internal tests, the restore speed of a single TiKV node can reach 100 MiB/s. The performance and impact of snapshot restore are varied in different user scenarios and should be tested in actual environments.

> - Starting from v7.6.0, BR introduces an experimental feature that allows the use of a coarse-grained region shuffling algorithm by specifying the command-line parameter `--granularity=coarse-grained`. Additionally, you can leverage the `--tikv-max-restore-concurrency` option to set the concurrency of download tasks for a single TiKV node, making full use of all resources on each TiKV node to achieve parallel and rapid restore. In practical scenarios, in the case of a large-scale region, the cluster snapshot restore speed can be increased by approximately 10 times. An example of usage is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starting from v7.6.0, BR introduces an experimental feature that supports using a coarse-grained Region scatter algorithm by specifying the command-line parameter `--granularity=coarse-grained`. You can also control the concurrency of download tasks for each TiKV node by setting the `--tikv-max-restore-concurrency` parameter. This helps you  fully utilize the resources of each TiKV node, thereby achieving a rapid parallel recovery. In several real-world cases, the snapshot restore speed of the cluster is improved by about 10 times in large-scale Region scenarios. The following is an example of usage:
```

> - Starting from v7.6.0, BR introduces an experimental feature that supports using a coarse-grained Region scatter algorithm by specifying the command-line parameter `--granularity=coarse-grained`. You can also control the concurrency of download tasks for each TiKV node by setting the `--tikv-max-restore-concurrency` parameter. This helps you  fully utilize the resources of each TiKV node, thereby achieving a rapid parallel recovery. In several real-world cases, the snapshot restore speed of the cluster is improved by about 10 times in large-scale Region scenarios. The following is an example of usage:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Starting from v7.6.0, BR introduces an experimental feature that supports using a coarse-grained Region scatter algorithm by specifying the command-line parameter `--granularity=coarse-grained`. You can also control the concurrency of download tasks for each TiKV node by setting the `--tikv-max-restore-concurrency` parameter. This helps you  fully utilize the resources of each TiKV node, thereby achieving a rapid parallel recovery. In several real-world cases, the snapshot restore speed of the cluster is improved by about 10 times in large-scale Region scenarios. The following is an example:
```

```bash
     br restore full \
     --pd "${PDIP}:2379" \
     --storage "s3://${Bucket}/${Folder}" \
     --s3.region "${region}" \
     --granularity "coarse-grained" \
     --tikv-max-restore-concurrency 128 \
     --send-credentials-to-tikv=true \
     --log-file restorefull.log
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
